
MUTUAL NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on August 02, 2017 (the "Effective Date"), by and between ClaimKit, Inc. having an office at 6811 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Overland Park, KS 66202, on behalf  of itself and its Affiliates, as defined below ("Company"), and Veronorte S.A.S ("Supplier"), having an office at Carrera 35A N 15B 15, Medellin - Colombia. Company and Supplier are each a "Party" and  collectively  the "Parties".

As used herein, "Affiliate" means any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with Company. Company and any Affiliate of Company can be a Disclosing Party (as defined  below) or a  Receiving  Party  (as defined below) under this Agreement.

.         "Confidential  Information",  as  used  herein,  shall  mean  any  information  and/or  documents disclosed  to a Party  hereto (whether  transmitted  orally, in writing  or graphic form, or through  any electronic medium)  which relate to  business  activities  and  proprietary  information.  Confidential  Information  may  include but is not limited to (collectively or separately), (i) trade secrets and work  product;  (ii)  information  relating  to business plans, sales, pricing, financial data, research and development or marketing plans or methods; (iii) software, applications, systems, including source code, object code, documentation and commentary related thereto, and other proprietary technology , processes or innovations; (iv)  Personal  Data  (as  defined  below);  (v)  confidential information of third parties in Disclosing Party ' s possession, and (vi) risk assessments,  audit  findings,  security procedures and measures . For the purposes  of  this  Agreement ,  Confidential  Information  shall  include  not  only the Confidential Information of Company and Supplier, but also the Disclosing Parties' affiliates'  Confidential Information.  "Personal  Data" shall mean,  without  limitation:   (a) personal  information  such  as an  individual's name, address,  telephone  number,  Social Security  number,  driver' s  license  number,  other  unique government-issued identification numbers  or  information , account  relationships, account numbers , account  access data, account balances, and account histories; (b) information concerning an individual that would be considered " non-public personal information" within the meaning of Title V of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act of 1999 (Public Law 106-102, 113 Stat. 1338)  and its implementing  regulations, as the same  may  be  amended  from  time  to  time;  and (c) information  concerning  an  individual  that  is  protected  from disclosure  by  other  applicable  federal  or  state laws  and  regulations,  including,  without  limitation,  the  Health Insurance Portability  and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations, state data breach notification laws, state consumer protection and information security laws, and any other laws applicable in the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction in the world, as the same may be amended from time to time.

The Parties are permitted to use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of assessing a potential business transaction or transactions between them (collectively, the "Transaction"). Neither this Agreement nor the disclosure or receipt of Confidential Information shall constitute or imply any promise or intention to enter into the Transaction or any other agreement.

The recipient of Confidential Information ("Receiving Party") agrees to limit disclosure of the Confidential Information of the discloser of Confidential Information ("Disclosing Party") to those of the Receiving Party' s employees, consultants and advisors who have a need to know the Confidential Information in  order  for  the  Receiving Party to evaluate the Transaction and, subject to paragraph 6 below, to any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Receiving Party. Each Party shall either obtain from  all such  employees,  consultants  and advisors a written agreement or shall have established procedures binding on each such employee, consultant and advisor under which each such employee, consultant and advisor shall be held to a standard at least equal to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement on the use and disclosure of Confidential Information. The Receiving Party further agrees: (i) to hold the Disclosing Party' s Confidential Information in strict confidence; (ii) not to disclose any such Confidential Information to any third party except as otherwise expressly permitted  herein  or  in a separate writing executed by the Disclosing Party; (iii) to use the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information solely and exclusively to evaluate the Transaction and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (iv) to  afford  the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information at least  the same level  of protection  against  unauthorized  disclosure or use that the Receiving Party normally  uses to protect  its own information  of a similar character,  but in no event  will the Receiving  Party  use  less  than  reasonable  care to  protect the Disclosing  Party's  Confidential  Information; and
(v) to notify the Disclosing Party promptly of any unauthorized use or disclosure  of  the  Disclosing  Party's Confidential Information and cooperate with and assist the Disclosing Party in every reasonable way to stop or minimize such unauthorized use or disclosure.


Each Party shall maintain, and shall require all third parties to whom it discloses Personal Data to maintain effective information security measures to protect Personal Data from disclosure or use not specifically authorized pursuant to this Agreement. Such security measures shall ensure the security and confidentiality of Personal Data, protect against any known or anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Personal Data, and protect against unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, Personal Data. The Receiving Party shall immediately inform the Disclosing Party of any failure or breach of its security measures including,  without  limitation,  how and  when such failure or breach occurred and what actions the Receiving Party is taking to remedy such failure or breach. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event of a breach of security  affecting  Personal  Data of the Disclosing  Party, the Receiving Party shall comply with its obligations under applicable law and provide all reasonably requested assistance to the Disclosing Party to enable such Party to comply with its obligations under applicable law.

Confidential Information shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party, and the Receiving Party shall not be deemed by virtue of this Agreement or by any access to the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to have acquired any right or interest of any kind in or to any such Confidential Information.

Except with respect to Personal Data, Confidential Information shall be deemed to exclude any particular information that, as evidenced by written documentation: (i) is already known to the Receiving Party  without restrictions at the time of its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (ii) is made known to the Receiving Party without restrictions by a third party having the right to do so without an obligation of confidentiality; (iii) is or becomes publicly known without violation of this Agreement; or (iv) is independently developed by the  Receiving  Party without reference to the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information. In addition, the Receiving Party may use or disclose Confidential Information  (excluding Personal  Data) to the extent such Receiving Party is legally  compelled to disclose such Confidential Information, provided that the Receiving Party shall use reasonable efforts to give advance notice of such compelled disclosure to the Disclosing Party, and shall cooperate with the Disclosing Party in connection with any efforts to prevent or limit the scope of such disclosure and/or use of such  Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained  within this Agreement  will restrict Company's ability to disclose Supplier's Confidential Information to any regulatory or governmental body asserting jurisdiction over Company or its Affiliates.

The Disclosing Party shall have the right at any time, upon written notice, to have the Receiving Party (at the Disclosing Party's option) return or destroy the Confidential Information (including  without limitation  notes, extracts or summaries in any form including, but not limited to, physical or electronic form) provided by the Disclosing Party other than such writings as may contain notes or comments of the Receiving Party, which writings shall be destroyed. In performing such return or destruction, the Receiving Party shall not retain any copies (complete or partial), notes, extracts or summaries in any form of the Disclosing Party's Confidential  Information.  Solely to the extent necessary for regulatory or legal requirements, the Receiving Party may retain one (1) copy of the Confidential Information.

No license to either Party is granted or implied to any trademark, patent, copyright or other  intellectual property or other right by the disclosure of Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement. None of the Confidential Information which may be disclosed by the Parties shall constitute any representation,  warranty, assurance, guarantee or inducement by either Party to the other of any kind under this Agreement.

The Receiving Party agrees that, due to the unique nature of the Confidential Information, the unauthorized disclosure or use of the Confidential Information will cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Disclosing Party, the extent of which will be difficult to ascertain and for which there may be no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, the Receiving Party agrees that the Disclosing Party, in addition to any other available remedies,  shall have the right to seek an injunction and other equitable relief enjoining any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement. The Parties'  rights  under this paragraph shall not in any way be construed to limit or restrict their rights  to seek or obtain monetary damages or other relief available under this Agreement or under applicable law.

This Agreement and the Parties confidentiality obligations herein shall survive for so long as the Parties continue to exchange Confidential Information and then for a period of three (3) years from the date such last disclosure was made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties' obligations with respect to Personal Data shall indefinitely   survive  any  termination  or  expiration  of  this  Agreement  and  trade  secrets  shall  be  maintained  in

confidence as long as and to the extent that such information remains a ''trade secret" (as defined  by the  Uniform  Trade Secrets Act).

Neither Party may use the name, logo, or trademarks of the other Party or its affiliates. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed  severable,  and the undnforceability of any  one or more of  its provisions  shall  not affect the enforceability of any other provision. If any provision is unenforceable, the Parties agree they shall substitute an enforceable provision that preserves the original intentions and economic  positions  of the  Parties  to the maximum extent  legally  possible.  This Agreement  is the entire agreement  between  the Parties relating to the Parties' exchange of Confidential Information for the purpose of assessing the Transaction and incorporates and supersedes all  prior written and oral communications between the Parties or prior non-disclosure agreements relating to the Parties' assessment of the Transaction. Terms contained in any documentation, correspondence, shrink-wrap agreement, click wrap agreement, or invoice that modify, amend, or conflict with the terms of this Agreement will be void, having  no force or effect, and, as between such documents, this Agreement shall  govern.  No  amendment,  waiver  or modifications to this Agreement shall be valid or enforceable unless in a signed writing by  the  authorized representatives of both Parties. This Agreement shall be  governed  by  the  laws  of the State of  Delaware,  without regard to choice of law principles  and  without  regard to the location of execution or performance.  Any action or suit to enforce any right under this Agreement  may  be brought  in a state or federal  court sitting  in the State of Delaware, the jurisdiction  of which  is agreed to by the Parties.   Neither  Party  may assign or otherwise transfer  this Agreement, or any of the rights that it grants, without the prior written consent of the other Party.  Any  purported assignment  shall be void and of no effect; provided however, that no such consent shall be required (i) if Company is assigning this Agreement to an Affiliate; or (ii) in connection with a merger or sale of a Party. Subject to  the  foregoing,  this Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties' parents,  respective  successors  and  permitted  assigns.  No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate  as a  waiver of such right, power or  remedy, and no waiver shall be effective  unless it is in writing and signed by the waiving Party.  Facsimiles and PDFs  of a Party's authorized representative's signature  shall  be deemed  to  be binding  upon such  Party.  The Parties agree and acknowledge that this Agreement may be signed by means of  an  electronic  signature,  provided  that  such signature and any related signing process comply fully with all applicable laws (including without limitation the U.S. federal ESIGN  Act and any applicable state laws).

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Supplier have caused their authorized representatives to execute this Agreement  as of the Effective Date.










